And, for the last time,
the olives in the salad bar
are for eating, not wearing.
[ As Mr. burns ] Excellent.
And no more
"Simpsons" impressions.
[ As homer Simpson ] D'oh.
And, finally, I'm flying back
to D.C. this weekend
to spend the holiday
with my family,
but the restaurant
will still be open,
so I'm going to need
you all to work.
You're making us work
on Valentine's day?
I already have tickets
to see morrissey.
No, he's talking about
presidents' day.
Which is always
the third Monday in February.
I'm kind of a history "boof."
I'm talking about
Chinese new year.
But you also have to work
those other holidays, as well.
You guys have your own new year?
Yeah. We get together with
family, have a big dinner.
There's decorations,
dragon dances, fireworks.
I mean, you should see
how crazy it gets in Chinatown.
[ Fireworks squealing
and exploding ]
[ Man coughing ]
If you can breathe properly
the next day, you weren't there.
Captions by vitac...
¶ fresh off the boat ¶
¶ I'm gettin' mine
everywhere I go ¶
¶ if you don't know, homey,
now you know ¶
¶ fresh off the boat ¶
¶ homey, you don't know
where I come from ¶
¶ but I know where I'm goin' ¶
¶ I'm fresh off the boat ¶
[ vacuum whirring ]
[ Whirring stops ]
Honey: Jessica, open the door!
[ Doorbell ringing,
pounding on door ]
I have been ringing this bell
for half an hour.
What is going on?
Did you commit a murder in here?
A murder? On carpet? Come on.
[ Laughs ]
Chinese new year
is in a few days,
and it's tradition
to clean our home
to welcome in good fortune.
Oh.
Our new year's tradition
is to get drunk
and shoot guns in the air.
Thank you so much for taking
care of things while we're gone.
There's not much to do.
Just water the tomato plant
and move the kitchen bamboo
out of the sun hourly.
If the moon is strong,
then at night, too.
Mm-hmm.
Why did you pack this?
What do you mean?
[ Sighs ] We're traveling.
We need travel-sized toiletries.
[ Laughs ]
Look how fun it is.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Look at this little nivea.
It's more container than lotion,
but I don't even care.
I'm ready for
my new year's haircut.
Oh, that's another
new year's tradition.
You don't want to cut your hair
too soon after the new year,
because you might be getting
rid of any good luck
you just received.
Oh, kind of like how
you don't want to shower
after garth Brooks
signs your boobs?
Yeah.
I brought some photos.
I want half Anthony Mason,
half kwamé the boy genius.
How about flowbee setting
number 3?
[ Vacuum whirring ]
I'm so excited
for Chinese new year.
It's gonna be great
to see the whole family.
And to get all those
red envelopes full of cash!
[ Gasps ]
I'm gonna buy
a snoopy sno-cone machine.
I'm gonna buy a fedora
and bring back the golden age
of railway travel.
Mm.
Listen, guys.
I did the math, and even if
I get one red envelope
from every adult in the family,
I still won't have enough money
to buy the new Jordans.
That's why if you guys give me
three of your envelopes each,
I'll give you this gently used
castle grayskull.
The trapdoor doesn't work,
but he-man wouldn't
fall for that anyways.
Hey.
[ Speaking Chinese ]
Eddie, I overslept!
Get up, get up!
We have to go to the airport!
What time is it? 5:00 A.M.!
The flight doesn't leave
until 2:00 in the afternoon.
Exactly! We're late!
Emery! Evan!
Just eat some toothpaste!
No time to brush!
Ugh!
Why are you dressed so nice?
I'm trying to get bumped up
to first class.
No.
It's too early for this.
All right,
I turned off the sprinklers,
locked the doors,
got the tickets.
And I've got breakfast
for the car,
snacks, lunch, and dried plums.
We're all set.
Bye, Evan. Happy new year.
Bye, girls. Don't forget...
Keep that heart rate above 125.
And don't you forget to bring me
back a commemorative thimble.
You know it.
Oh, damn it. We forgot...
Why did we
have to park so far away?
It wasn't that far.
We took two buses, a tram,
then had to run across
the freeway.
Good. So now you're tired,
so you'll sleep on the plane.
And look, no lines.
I can't wait to see everybody.
I hope they're karaoke'ing
when we get there,
because I'm gonna grab the Mike
and I'm gonna
slide right into...
¶ What's love got to do,
got to do with it? ¶
¶ what's love
but a second-hand emo... ¶
hi.
Good morning.
Where are you all
flying to today?
Oh, uh, Washington, D.C.,
for the holiday.
A popular destination
for presidents' day.
Are you traveling with
any hazardous materials?
No, just a bag of fireworks,
a pocket knife,
and some crème brûlée torches
we're giving as gifts.
That's all fine. Just as long as
you're not bringing any citrus.
Oh.
Oh, no. I'm afraid
you've missed your flight.
What? No, that's impossible.
It doesn't leave till 2:00 P.M.
2:00 P.M. yesterday.
I thought you said
that our flight was on Friday.
It is. Friday the 15th.
Mnh-mnh.
The 15th was yesterday.
Oh.
Are we gonna miss
Chinese new year?
We don't have to run across
the freeway again, do we?
[ Sighs ]
I'm sorry, Connie.
We won't be coming to D.C.
for new year's.
Why?
Because I messed up
the days on the tickets.
No, don't put big auntie
on the phone.
Don't put big...
[ inhales sharply]
Hi, big auntie.
[ Sighs ]
No, we're not coming.
Why?
Because I messed up
the days on the tickets.
Mm-hmm.
No, I called.
Six last-minute tickets to D.C.
are too expensive.
I guess everybody's going there
for presidents' day.
Yes, even five last-minute
tickets are too expensive.
Five?
Who does she suggest to cut?
Tell everyone to send
the red envelopes
in the mail today so we can
get them by new year's.
They're not gonna send cash
in the mail.
It's time you boys learned
what all dogs are born knowing.
Postal workers are thieves.
No, they're not.
Neither snow nor rain nor heat
nor gloom of night...
Emery, please.
How's the family gonna get us
our red envelopes?
They're not.
The only ones you're
going to get are from us.
Mom and dad's envelopes...
Those are the worst!
Read the back.
We wrote you a message.
Wha...
That means the only money we're
gonna get this year is from...
Grandma.
I'm really sorry.
I feel terrible.
I should have
double-checked the tickets.
Just when you think you've
micro-managed everything.
But, you know, we can
make the most of this.
I know you were really looking
forward to seeing everyone,
but we can celebrate here,
just us.
It's not the same, Louis.
There's no fireworks.
There's no parade.
It's not gonna feel
like new year's.
Well, maybe we could find
something like that here.
I doubt it.
People here don't care
about this holiday.
That's not true.
We know there are
other Chinese people
in the area, remember?
[ Beeping ]
Yeah, one other Chinese guy
in Orlando, and he's deaf.
He's here somewhere.
If we just had a, I don't know,
some sort of
a list of people's names
in the area
and a way
to get in touch with them.
There's got to be at least
one Chinese person
listed in here.
Uh, let's start with "Yang."
It's like
Chinese people's "Smith."
Hmm. Nothing.
How about "ma"?
Uh...
Nope.
Liang?
Together: Hi, grandma!
We made you
your favorite snack...
Mountain dew and combos.
Are you upset
that we missed our flight?
I hate to see grandma so down.
We have to cheer her up.
Yeah, so she can be generous
with the red envelopes,
and we can get paid!
No, because she's our
grandmother and she's sad.
Right.
We're saying the same thing.
Whatever our motivation,
we need to get grandma happy,
like, yesterday.
What does she like?
She loves "Garfield."
Yeah, what else?
What does it mean?
What does it mean
to like "Garfield"?
It means she likes things
that are small, cute, and funny.
[ Snaps fingers ] That's the
first thing you've said all day
that makes sense.
Hey, how ya doin' today?
Having fun?
Speaking of fun, what's the deal
with fun-sized candy bars?
What?
Of all the sizes,
aren't they the least fun?
You know what I wish
was fun-sized?
My homework!
Anyone here from New Jersey?
No changs, no chins, no chus.
You know, we need to start
from the beginning.
Here, let me try.
[ Scoffs ] Jessica, why would
you have any more luck...
Boom. Asian-American association
of Orlando.
A.A.A.O.O.
Ay-oh.
Like the fonz.
[ Chuckles ] No, it's like
"who's the boss?"
Like Tony danza.
Ey-o.
Ay-oh. Ey-o.
[ As Tony micelli ] Hey, Angela.
I'm calling them.
[ Dial tone ]
[ Dialing ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Ringing ]
Rick: Hello. Asian-American
association of Orlando.
[ Gasps ] It's real!
Yes, hello!
We are Louis and Jessica Huang.
We live in Orlando.
Oh, my gosh, the huangs!
We've been trying to get
in touch with you for months!
Have you not been getting
our mailers?
Mm...
Thieves. Thieves.
[ Chuckles ]
Uh, we are going to be in town
for Chinese new year,
and we were wondering
if you're doing anything.
We're having a huge party.
It's the biggest day
of the year.
We would be so excited
if you'd join us.
[ Both laugh ]
¶ What if God was one of us? ¶
¶ just a slob like one of us? ¶
¶ just a stranger on a bus,
trying to make his way... ¶
[ lock clicks ]
Eddie: I can't wait.
We're gonna be drowning
in a sea full of red envelopes.
Why would grandma care
about fun-sized stuff?
I should have started with jokes
about Filipino food.
Ah, looks like they already
got started with the fireworks.
Ignoring fire codes...
So Chinese.
[ Laughs ]
[ Russian music playing ]
[ Speaking Russian ]
There's so much oil
in this food.
My son raj
is addicted to cocaine.
This one means "understanding."
What?
No, this means "understanding."
What's going on?
Where are all the...
Rick: Chinese people!
Welcome, huangs.
And happy new year.
I'm Rick.
Ni hao.
The length and depth of my bow
expresses my deep appreciation.
Uh, I think that's more
of a Japanese thing,
but, uh, thank you, Rick.
[ Chuckles ]
We spoke on the phone,
I believe.
I'm one of the founding members
of the triple-a double-o.
I thought this was
an Asian organization?
Oh, it is.
Everyone here is Asian.
Or hoping to associate with one.
[ Chuckles ]
I myself was born
on a layover in Thailand.
Well, I guess technically
India and parts of Russia
are in Asia, but we assumed...
That there would be
some Chinese people
celebrating Chinese new year.
We don't have any
Chinese members yet.
But we did get the kid
who played short round
to send us an autographed
picture for our wall.
Very cool of him.
Man: What'd she say?
Man #2: I think she likes it.
I don't care
what kind of people are here.
As long as they have
red envelopes,
I'm cool with it.
Ooh, red envelopes.
What is that? Like a party game?
You don't even know
about red envelopes?
Well, what do you have planned
for Chinese new year?
Oh, it is going to be epic.
We just got these
"year of the rat" glasses.
There's also gonna be
an authentic dragon dance.
And at midnight Beijing time,
we're gonna drop the rat.
Uh, that's not a real thing.
See, this is what
I was talking about.
They're having
a Chinese new year's party,
but nobody cares enough
to get it right.
¶ Y'all ready for this? ¶
[ "Get ready for this" plays ]
Who's ready for a dragon dance?!
The guy in the suit
is my brother, mark.
He's a male stripper.
[ "Get ready for this"
continues ]
[ Cheering ]
Happy new year!
I wish we could...
[ fireworks squealing ]
I said, happy new...
[ fireworks exploding ]
Damn it, happy new year!
[ Beep ]
[ Sighs ]
I wish we were there so they
could annoy me in person.
What's the deal
with disappointment?
I don't have a joke.
I just want to know.
Happy new year! [ Chuckles ]
What's so happy about it?
No red envelopes.
No family.
No parade.
Bubkes.
But we do have pork buns.
You found pork buns?
Uh, no, jelly doughnuts.
Same basic concept, though.
Dough filled with something
delicious. [ Chuckles ]
I'm too sad to eat doughnuts.
I'll eat the jelly, though.
[ Sighs ]
Come on, guys.
Look, sure,
I messed up the plane tickets,
and sure,
Chinese new year is ruined,
but that doesn't mean we still
can't have fun as a family.
Tonight, to celebrate,
the huangs are going to
cattleman's ranch for dinner!
And this time, it's personal...
Pan pizzas. You each get one.
Sure, fine. [ Sighs ]
At least I don't have to cook.
I just want this day to be over.
Well, another year without
a snoopy sno-cone machine.
I guess I should
tell my business partners.
Louis!
What is that?
I just thought, you know,
for presidents' day.
You know I hate animals
doing people things.
Well, what are you doing here?
I-I thought
you were out of town.
No, there's been
a change of plans.
Okay, so here's what we need.
[ Chinese drums playing ]
Emery: Whoa, lion dancers!
- Awesome!
- Wow!
Wow. Look at that.
[ Laughs ]
Whoa!
[ Drumming continues ]
[ Applause ]
Whoo!
That's awesome!
Louis, how did you...
I wanted you to have
a real Chinese new year.
How did you find people
who care about Chinese new year?
You found the bus guy.
[ Gasps ]
Mitch?
Nancy?!
They spent all day rehearsing.
We decided to go with
the Southern lion-style dance.
[ Chuckles ]
Mitch got the lion costume.
I used to work at epcot.
I still have the key
to the costume locker.
The drummers I got on loan
from the high school.
Jessica: Oh.
And honey brought
all the lanterns.
They're from
Janet Jackson's "if" video.
My hairdresser used to be
her prop guy.
Oh, and Sandy
has got some stories.
Oh, yeah.
[ Laughter ]
Deidre brought oranges
and tangerines.
I have three trees in my yard
that are really flourishing.
My secret... human urine.
Carol-Joan brought
illegal fireworks.
My son is troubled, but he knows
where to buy explosives.
[ Laughs ]
Hector made fish and dumplings.
He did a great job,
and with such short notice.
It gave me an idea
for a Chinese fast-food chain.
Could call it "pronto panda"
or, uh, "panda chop-chop"
or "panda train, limited stops."
How about panda express?
I like my names better.
And for you boys, your father
told us about red envelopes.
Sno-cone! Thank you!
Eddie: Loot! [ Laughs ]
Look on the back.
"Be the change"?
Your father said you liked
handwritten messages
on nice stationery.
[ Chuckles ]
Goodbye, Jordans.
I guess I have to wait
another year until I can dunk.
Why did you all go
to all this trouble?
It's not even your holiday.
Louis said you were upset about
missing Chinese new year,
so we wanted to help.
It's not that people didn't care
enough to get it right.
It's that they didn't know.
Also, it's you,
so if we don't get it right,
we're gonna hear about it.
Yeah, that's true.
[ Laughter ]
So, I've always been curious,
why the color red?
Thank you for asking.
The color red represents
good luck and happiness.
Marvin: Ah.
Why do you serve dumplings?
Well, dumplings
are a similar shape
to ancient
silver and gold pieces.
So when you eat them, it's like
you're taking in wealth.
Ah. Ooh.
I like that.
[ Indistinct talking ]
So the Chinese word for fish
is a homonym for the word
"surplus."
And why lions?
They're used to summon
wealth and good fortune.
I thought red was for
And you said the haircuts were
for wealth and good fortune.
We like wealth and good fortune.
I could listen to this
all night.
Each year corresponds
to one of 12 different animals
in the Chinese zodiac.
I am the year of the dog.
What kind of animal am I?
What year were you born?
Pass.
Are some zodiac signs better...
You know what? Enough for today.
Great questions!
No more! Thank you!
[ Sighs ]
Isn't it nice
our friends care so much?
Mm-hmm. Hmm.
Ooh, maybe throwing
a Chinese new year party
at cattleman's
becomes our new tradition.
Yeah, maybe.
Grandma, that's very generous,
but all we need is your love.
I'll take Emery's!
No! I was just expressing
a sentiment, you animal!
No!
- [ Laughs ]
- Give it to me!
[ Laughs ]
Thanks, everybody,
for a great Chinese new year.
But the celebration
wouldn't be complete
without the grand finale.
Fireworks!
[ Laughter ] Jessica:
Ooh, we have fireworks!
Verbal fireworks!
[ Laughter ]
Have you ever noticed
how American and Chinese dogs
speak differently?
American dogs go,
"bow-wow, bow-wow."
Chinese dogs go,
"wong-wong, wong-wong!"
[ Laughs ]
You know,
that's funny because it's true.
[ Laughter ]
What's the deal with Capri suns?
I have to puncture
a foil pouch with a straw.
Hello, I'm a child,
not a registered nurse.
[ Laughter ]
Oh, he's bringing out
the big guns.
[ Rim shot ]
What else? What else?